[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Randy Cramer who
has participated in a covert
military space program for 18
years called the Earth Defense
Force.
Today, we are talking about
extraterrestrial healing
technologies.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> RANDY CRAMER:
Thanks for having me.
>> EMERY: From what you have
been exposed to off-planet,
what are some of the most
advanced technologies you can
share with us?
>> CRAMER: Well, I mean,
medical healing technologies,
the ability to restore cellular
structures from damaged tissue
to healthy tissue in--
I mean, I say sometimes seconds.
You know, I mean, some of
the stuff we have takes hours
or days even to do something
that is still pretty miraculous
to regrow an arm or something.
But some of the most
advanced tech can do it in--
I mean, seconds or near seconds.
>> EMERY: Could you explain
in more detail what are they
doing?
How does that work?
>> CRAMER: There's probably at
least a half a dozen different
ways in which this can be
done, from what I understand.
The most familiar I'm with
is holographic projection
technology, which
uses a hologram that
has a resolution that
is at cellular level.
So the hologram--
if you could look
at the hologram
with a microscope,
you could see individual
cells in the hologram
so that when projected over the
body over damaged tissue, let's
say my hand had a third-degree
burn all the way across of it.
So projecting the
healthy hologram
of the healthy cells over the
damaged tissue through dominant
harmonic frequency resonance
causes the damaged tissue
to basically want to be like
the healthy holographic pattern
and go--
the damaged cell
goes, I'm damaged.
And it looks at this perfect
version of itself and it goes,
I want to be like that.
And then it repairs
itself, which to me
is the most amazing
part of that technology.
Is that the tool itself
isn't healing your body.
The tool itself isn't
regenerating your tissue.
The tool is just
telling your body
to regenerate your own
tissue and to fix itself.
So the tool itself,
the technology
itself is not fixing anything,
is not healing anything,
is not repairing
anything, your body
is still what does
all the repair,
all the fixing, all
the cellular changing.
But it does so simply
at being prompted
by a holographic image that
fools the cells in your body
into thinking that
the cells next to it
are perfectly healthy.
>> EMERY: So it's like giving it
its own correct mapping system
for it to replicate.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
And it basically just wants to
conform to the healthier image,
the healthier resonance.
>> EMERY: What
else have you seen?
>> CRAMER: Basically like a
foamy gel that's got to be stem
cells or something in it that
they can just take and just
slather over a wound.
You could have a chunk
taken out of your arm,
and they'd just slather
that goo into your arm
and then your body would talk
to the biological cellular
structure of the stem
cells or whatever that's
in that goo foam,
and then it just
makes new cells
where they would--
it just turns into the kind of
cells in your arm that it needs
to be because they're--
you know more about stem
cells than I do, but--
>> EMERY: Sure.
>> CRAMER: --somehow the stem
cells know what to be when
they're told to be a
certain type of cells.
Like, oh, we want to
be an arm skin cell.
And then they just do that.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
They're using exosomes and the
stem cells and growth factors
to help train those cells.
So it's probably
another synthetic mode
of that or something
that they actually
made from the patient's
own possible blood.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
>> EMERY: But I've seen that
in the projects as well.
>> CRAMER: I have also seen
people lose parts that they
could regrow.
A new limb in a
chamber that's again
from a foamy goo or a
programmable stem cell
or some time and it
grows into the limb.
And then they just
surgically replace it
with a transplant surgery.
>> EMERY: Right.
Yes.
So tell me a little
bit more about how
the devices are applying this.
The applications.
And is it like a
chamber of sorts or--
>> CRAMER: Most of my
personal experience,
there's the equivalent of a
hospital bed or a surgery bed
which has some equipment around
it in the case of a hollow bed.
It's basically got
a holographic lens,
a projector about a meter above
the bed unit and projects down.
I have seen similar
units, either used
by other departments or other
species that are basically
like an egg that you
get into that opens up
and you slide into it,
and then it closes up
and it's all self-contained
like in a giant
plastic, metal egg or whatever.
>> EMERY: Like a vat, yeah.
>> CRAMER: Something like that.
Yeah.
I've seen where a person was
inserted into a tube like a vat
that then everything
that happened
happens in a sterile
liquid environment.
So it's like embryotic
fluid almost.
It's the most equivalent like
an embryotic fluid so that when
you're in it, it wants to
rejuvenate your cells and keeps
infections away so that all
the stuff that they're--
any surgeries or things that
the device is doing while
you're inside is completely
sterile and completely
disease-free, bug-free, so--
microbe-free.
>> EMERY: So these
devices and technologies,
can they be used within
different species?
>> CRAMER: Absolutely.
The holographic
regenerating medical beds,
basically, just take a
blood sample or anything
that can get a DNA sample,
so it gets an ideal pattern.
And then that goes into
a computer that can then
recreate and project the image.
So as long as it's a readable
form of DNA sequencing
that that computer
can read, it can
create the projection of
the perfect cellular map
for that being.
>> EMERY: Have you ever heard
of them utilizing those types
of technology for like
hybridization or maybe growing
different types of beings
with that technology?
>> CRAMER: That's kind
of out of my wheelhouse.
I've heard rumors of
such things and projects,
but never witnessed anything.
So I would just say, probably.
But--
>> EMERY: Is cloning
a similar technology?
>> CRAMER: I don't think
that it necessarily is.
I mean, my understanding
is, when you already
have a mass of tissue that
you're trying to repair,
there may be some similar
science and technology
involved, but it's just
totally not the same thing
from trying to regrow a
massive tissue from a finger.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> CRAMER: That's way different.
Trying to repair this,
even if it's 2/3 damaged,
is just not the same
as trying to build
a whole person from this.
>> EMERY: Is there like a
cut off or a percentage?
Since you've been to a lot
of these wars and different
planets, where you might have a
VIP warrior that they put a lot
into it and all of
a sudden, he's--
from the torso down, there's
nothing left and are they
going to maybe re-clone him?
Are they going to try
to re-holographic image
all his appendages back?
What's been your experience?
>> CRAMER: In my
personal experience,
I believe that the least amount
of material that someone ever
brought back of mine was a
portion of my skull and most
of my brain inside my helmet.
Like here, this is what
we have left of him.
And they were able to keep my
brain alive and reform my skull
and then transplant
that onto another body.
So they didn't grow a
whole other body from that.
But they were able to get
the head and the skull
and the brain back together.
>> EMERY: And the
information problem.
>> CRAMER: All
that consciousness,
everything is attached to there?
So they were able to keep the
head together and the brain,
but had to transplant
that onto a new body.
>> EMERY: Did you have total
recall of that incident?
>> CRAMER: No.
I mean, I don't remember
that incident at all.
I remember the part of my head
flipping off of my shoulders
and spinning through the air
and then blacking out and then
coming to later, I had the rest
of the story explained to me.
But you know--
>> EMERY: And the audience
should know too that
the technologies that you were--
I'll just say that you were
exposed to at that time, that's
a possibility.
I mean, people would
look at this now saying,
oh, he lost his head.
But with the
advanced technologies
like cryo and other
things, as long
as they have a little bit
of that, they can recover.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
As long as there's apparently
enough electrical activity
in the brain, they can take
the helmet with the brain
stuff in it, put it into a
stasis chamber, which basically
slows down time
so that the tissue
in the skull and the brain
is dying much, much slower.
So much more slowly that
you can take the time
to get that chunk
into stabilization.
And then they can
work on stabilization
by regenerating tissue
and keeping it alive
and regrowing it.
And once you've got the
brain back together,
then it's just putting
everything else back together
from what I understand.
So that's the hard part.
I was lucky, apparently.
>> EMERY: Maybe you
can verify this for me.
I have heard of these
special suits and helmets
that actually, if
you do get hurt,
they could preserve a body
part or the whole body.
Do you know anything about this?
>> CRAMER: It would
not surprise me.
I certainly know
that the suits were
designed to be self-preserving.
So you've got like
automatic tourniquets
in the arms and
the legs and stuff,
so when a leg is blown off.
But it would--
I mean, I'm a
smart enough person
that some other smart tech
engineer probably thought way
before I ever thought of it
that some of these things you
could put in the suit.
If you've got a suit that
can create a temporary stasis
field around the
brain or something
to hold them together, yeah.
It makes sense to me
that tools would just
continue to be developed to make
that easier to retrieve people
that there's not much
pieces or parts of them
to retrieve that you
want to keep them alive.
>> EMERY: Right.
I like what you said
about energy fields
because it's not always like a
helmet or a piece of the suit,
it's the field of that device
that creates you to be intact.
>> CRAMER: Correct.
Correct.
>> EMERY: What about technology
that has to do with mental,
emotional, and
spiritual healing?
Was there anything like
that that was brought up
to help people with?
>> CRAMER: I think
unfortunately,
there was not much of that
I ever observed when I was
in the military.
I don't think we ever
got too much of that.
In my later years, I would
say in the last decade or so,
as I have communicated
with special section
personnel and special section
medical personnel, just
to continue to sort out
any of the leftover stuff
that I've got to deal with in
my own body and my own brain
from all of that.
And their tools continue
to be advancing.
From whatever they were
doing 20 years ago,
is continuing to
advance and develop.
And I will say that
through a couple
of experimental
procedures to work
on some emotional, mental,
spiritual, psychological
healing, I'm a
human being again,
which is no small statement.
But yeah.
There are tools which they use.
But I would say
that when you start
talking about emotional healing
tools, psychological healing
tools, you're talking about
things that are less--
there are less mechanical--
>> EMERY: Right.
>> CRAMER: --less like this
part goes into this part goes
into this part.
And more essence of mind
inside the bowl of the brain.
>> EMERY: Right.
I was going to I say
it's like etheric tuning
of some sorts of--
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
It's trickier.
But they're getting good at it.
And so they're certainly able
to do some pretty amazing stuff
with that subtlety.
>> EMERY: What was the last
time you experienced advanced ET
tech?
>> CRAMER: Probably about four,
maybe five months ago tops.
>> EMERY: And what was that?
>> CRAMER: Actually, my partner
and I both needed to get some
work done.
Some healing work done
that we were wanting
to get some next-level work done
and it was recommended to us
to go to this contracting--
medical contracting
agency that's
extraterrestrial in origin.
To ask them if they
would do the work.
And they did.
And it was phenomenal.
>> EMERY: What was the tech and
technologies involved with you
two?
>> CRAMER: I couldn't say much
more than they took us aboard
their vehicle, their
ship, and did some work.
They experienced time
moving at a different rate.
And we were there for a while.
It wasn't just like hours.
It was I think several
days of treatment.
And then so when
we came back, there
was just this feeling
of being really
temporally discombobulated for
about a day, day and a half.
>> EMERY: Randy, who
were these beings?
And how did you contact them?
>> CRAMER: These
are the Velodians.
The Velodians are-- think of
them like doctors and nurses--
an entire planet of doctors,
nurses, and medical texts.
It's really what they live for.
So they have contractors
that go out to--
like "Red Cross" workers
out into the field.
And so there were some
stationed here just in case
they're needed here.
And so it was recommended
by our personnel
to contact them so that we could
do it separate from in-house
for reasons I want to go into.
That it was wise at that
moment to do something
that was not in-house.
And so we asked them to do it.
And they took us
aboard their ship.
Did some work.
And we were in way
better shape afterwards.
I mean, whatever they did was--
>> EMERY: So Randy, how were
you actually contacted by them,
or how did you
reach out for help?
>> CRAMER: Our personnel
recommended that we reach out
to them.
So we reached out to them
psionically to communicate,
which there's a protocol for.
And then after talking
to them for a few minutes
about what was going on and
what we would like them to do
and they agreed and then
took us on their ship
and sorted us out.
But it took several days.
So--
>> EMERY: And what were the
benefits after you returned.
You were discombobulated, you
said for a day and a half,
and then--
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
>> EMERY: What
were the benefits?
Could you tell us why
you were being treated?
>> CRAMER: No.
All I can say is before
treatment, everything bad.
After treatment,
everything good.
>> EMERY: For the body, physical
or for just everything around
you?
>> CRAMER: Oh, it was not just
a physical-- it was a physical,
emotional, like psychological.
I mean, there was a
totality of the work
in my own personal experience
that seemed to take place.
So if I were to really just
try and put some perspective
on Velodian medical technology,
think of the most advanced
Terran medical
technology that you can,
and then that's still the
dark ages compared to whatever
they've got going on.
Just because it's what
they eat, drink, sleep,
and breathe every day
on their entire planet.
They're a planet
of medical workers.
>> EMERY: Well, does the Earth
defense force utilize these
advanced healing technologies?
Or is it just for the
extraterrestrials?
>> CRAMER: We use technologies
that we have adapted, utilized,
and that we have
come to understand.
I think as we come to
understand more technology,
you know, of course, we're
allies with the Velodian.
So they're certainly
the first thing
that they're going
to want to do is
share that technology
with us and go, oh.
You guys need better
medical technology here.
You should send some people
to our medical universities
so that they can become super
skilled medical professionals
and then teach you how
all this stuff works.
So I'm sure we have a few
people who are doing that.
But that's still an exchange
of information and technology
program.
So who knows how long
it's going to take
before we're half as
good as their emergency
medical technicians are?
>> EMERY: Where do the
Velodian come from?
And how are they
allowed to work here?
>> CRAMER: I believe
from the Sirius System.
I believe Velod--
Velod, I believe is how they
say the name of the planet
is Velod.
Is a planet inside
the Sirius System.
That's where they come from.
They are medical
contractors who--
again, like Red Cross workers,
volunteer their personnel
to the Galactic Senate and
say, hey, where can we go help?
Where can we send some "Red
Cross" workers to help out?
To be available in case there's
an emergency or in case someone
needs something.
So they just make
themselves available
and show up and are
in the neighborhood
waiting for someone to say,
"Hey, give me a hand here."
And so they were just
kind of hanging out
in the solar system waiting
for somebody to ask them
for assistance.
And they were super
eager to help out.
>> EMERY: So like our Red
Cross, which goes to multiple
countries and serves
multiple races,
how about the Velodians or just
other extraterrestrial healing
tech?
Is it specific for
one race or can
it do multiple physiologies?
>> CRAMER: Oh, my understanding,
the Velodian seem really good
at any physiology
anywhere, anyhow, anytime.
I mean, it would be--
it would probably be a real
surprise or shock to them
if you brought them
an injured patient
and they didn't know what to do.
>> EMERY: If we have advanced
medical technologies,
why are they being
suppressed to the militaries,
our civilian hospitals, why
can't we just go out and get
this stuff?
>> CRAMER: Again, it's treaties.
And right now we
have not entered
into a state where
ETs can declare
a medical emergency
or a civil emergency
and simply start showing up.
If conditions could arise
in which they could declare
a civic emergency based on
whatever those criteria are,
then we could see
the planet flooded
by extraterrestrial EMTs.
But until that happens, until
that criteria could be crossed,
which we haven't
reached yet, they all
have to stand off at
the sidelines and wait.
And go, OK.
We're waiting for someone to
tell us that we can go help
or asking us to go help.
Otherwise, we have to wait on
this side of the sidelines--
>> EMERY: Who is
that someone, Randy?
Because all this war and
people dying in war here
on planet Earth, all
the disease and cancers,
all this could be easily avoided
with all this technology.
So who are they
waiting for that call?
You said they're waiting for--
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
I mean, that's a difficult
pin to put in other
than to say that there
are some people still
who are very much at the top
of leadership in this world who
are not yet allowing
that to occur.
There are plenty of
other people that
are encouraging it
to occur, including
the medical personnel, who
are waiting on the sidelines.
You can let us help now,
you can let us help now.
We'd be happy to come
in and help right now.
And they're like, well, not yet.
So like, unfortunately, if
this was all about logic
and sanity, this would
not be a problem.
Right?
Logic and sanity are
pretty straightforward.
And when you need to
ask someone, what's
the most sane logical
thing to do here,
it's not hard to come up
with what the answer is
for what is the most
sane healthy thing to do,
logical thing to do.
It's not difficult.
But because we're
not, as a species,
prone to pure logic and clarity,
and because we're so confused
with emotion and preferences
and favoritism or disfavoritism,
then it's complicated.
If it was just about
simplicity, logic, clarity,
this would all be done.
But because it's not and
because the people who
are involved in
making those decisions
are simply not logical
clear-minded people,
they have really intense
feelings about things.
And most of those feelings
are fear and insecurity.
And if they change
something in their universe
and all of a sudden
something that
makes them more afraid
or more insecure,
then they're not going to do it.
So there are people
who know what
the logical smart thing
to do is, and they're not
going to do it because they're
afraid and they're insecure.
And they don't want to do
the logical clear thing
and the smart thing
because they want
to do the thing that
keeps them from enacting
some horrible unknown, fear
that probably isn't going
to be as awful as they think
it is when it actually happens.
But again, if it were just
about logic and smarts,
we'd be through this already.
And it's because
there are plenty
of people in this world
who are not logical
and they're not smart.
They're emotional and they're
vindictive and they're selfish.
And in some cases, they're lazy.
And in some cases,
they're just hateful
or spiteful or disdainful
or any of the other words
that make people all the
things that aren't just
smart and logical.
>> EMERY: What positive pathways
do you see moving forward
knowing about all these advanced
healing technologies and how
soon do you think
they'll be out?
>> CRAMER: You know, again, I
think because we still have all
the evidence and reason to think
that we are on a footing to be
invaded by alien forces sometime
here in the near future,
we believe very strongly that
any opportunity for disclosure,
any opportunity for change is
an opportunity for intervention.
And we're just waiting
for the opportunity
when intervening can
happen without saying,
can we intervene?
Can we intervene?
Instead of having to say
that, we can just go, oh, now,
we have to.
Here we're intervening
and then no one's
going to complain about it,
because we absolutely had to.
But as long as there's an
argument that we don't have to,
then it's difficult to
justify making that move,
again, when people
are still just
very scared, afraid, and
insecure about the things
that they may lose.
But we're going to get
over that pretty soon.
Pretty soon.
>> EMERY: Very well put, Randy.
Looking forward to that.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
Me too.
>> EMERY: Thank you, again,
for being on the show, Randy.
>> CRAMER: Thanks for having me.
Good to be here.
>> EMERY: My name
is Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]